# Rectangles
Story: adding rectangles

  AC - clicking left mouse button once and moving around, should display
        a preview of where the rectangle would be added. Hitting Esc in this 
        state should cancel the rectangle adding.

  AC - clicking left mouse button twice, at different locations of the
screen, should add a rectangle with it's diagonal between the two points clicked.

  AC - it should be possible to add as many rectangles as you like!

  AC - a valid rectangle has exactly 4 endpoints, and the endpoints are
        not the same location.

Story: adding lines
The user should be able to add lines to the application, by using
the mouse device.
  AC - clicking left mouse button once and moving around, should display
        a preview of where the line would be added. Hitting Esc in this 
        state should cancel the line adding.
  AC - clicking left mouse button twice, at different locations of the
screen, should add a line at the two hit locations.
  AC - it should be possible to add as many lines as you like!
  AC - a valid line has exactly two endpoints, and the endpoints are
        not the same location.

Story: selecting entities
It should be possible to select 0 or 1 entities.
  AC - clicking close to an endpoint of an entity selects the entity, and endpoints
       are emphasized when an entity is selected.
  AC - if an entity is selected, Esc clears the selection

Story: deleting things
  AC - when something is selected, pressing Del key should delete that entity
  AC - pressing Del when nothing is selected has no effect

Story: editing lines
 It should be possible to fix mistakes in previous lines, by selecting a single
 line end point and dragging it.
 AC - By holding the mouse over an endpoint and holding the left mousebutton,
      you should be able to change the location of the endpoint if the mousebutton
      is kept pressed
 AC - Once a line is selected, moving mouse close to and end point 'highlights'
      that endpoint, so that it is clear that interaction is possible.
 AC - A highlighted endpoint can be dragged using left mouse button

Story: editing rectangles
 ACs like lines, but with rectangle visuals instead (and 4 instead of 2 endpoints!)
